the Florida Everglades are
internationally famous for alligators
but now there's a new king the Burmese
python these snakes are devastating our
native wildlife
99% of the fur bearing wildlife are gone
doing nothing is not an option
oh shoot right there right there and now
I've made it my mission to take out
these invaders Hey
got it holy what's all about right here
my name is trapper Mike I'm known as the
Python cowboy I sleep out in the Florida
Everglades now I hunt big-ass snake
so I just got a call from Miccosukee
Indian I know and I guess word around
town is this area in the Everglades is
totally ran over by snakes so much so
that the local Miccosukee are scared to
go in the area they kind of they kind of
treat it like the snakes of curse so
they said that the area's slapped full
of snakes and not only that but there's
a monster out there so we're gonna go
and get it
so when you're looking for pythons the
main thing you're looking for is their
pattern it stands out from everything
else there's nothing down here that
looks like the Python they got a shine
to it they got a real beautiful exotic
look and it stands out you know weather
is just a piece of the snake is showing
or what you look for that little bit of
shine you look for that little bit of
pattern and you know while while we're
talking right now if something were to
happen because people you know people
kind of take it as a joke sometimes but
there's real shit out here you know it's
it's really no joke these these snakes
can kill you an alligator can kill you a
lot can go wrong I have a Glock up here
on the dash it's loaded ready to go just
bring that down don't freak out put the
gun directly to the animal's head try
not to shoot me and and double tap it if
you have to but it's important you know
for you to know that yeah all right good
I'm counting on you right yep
you know we should be seeing raccoons we
should be seeing possums otters we but
should be seeing a lot more birds hogs
here even and you know as you see
there's nothing out here
everything's gone it's all been turned
into snake shit basically and it's just
it's sad to see you know it's all it I
love our native wildlife our native
wildlife is a big part of how I make my
living and it's just you know it's
terrible and that's why you know that's
kind of why I've gotten involved with it
it's just you know I can't I can't sit
around while this invasive species
totally wipes out all all of my native
wildlife oh shit right there right there
see you come up here
he's here
these animals are so tough that I'm
forced to go hands-on with them
little guy
this is on the smaller size of what we
normally catch a beautiful snake looks
like it probably just said recently this
is probably about
a little over six foot they're so tough
and and their brain is actually so small
and you have to hit it directly to even
phase them guns just isn't an option I
catch them all alive with my bare hands
and that's the most secure way to get
them out of the Everglades and out of
our ecosystem
that's it as soon as I got I'm like that
it's over let's go get the next one
yes these reptiles they can lay a
hundred eggs at a time out a year and
you know once a year that that's a lot
there's a lot of snakes out here and
they're multiplying at an incredible
rate at this point it's not an
elimination effort it's it's just not
possible it's a control and management
effort we're stopping the spread from
spreading to other parts of Florida and
we're managing the current population of
pythons you know it's a real serious
situation and it's as far as I'm
concerned it's a state of emergency
so onto the way to this spot we're going
there's a real cool abandoned facility
it was used her in the Cold War in the
effort to get to space it was actually
think the company was called an aero jet
and it's a little spooky out there
there's a lot of snakes out there and I
think it'd be a real cool area for us to
check out we're here driving back in the
restricted area and we see this someone
took a lot of time to neatly make an
arrow out of rocks pointing down that
road there which just so happens to be
the road that we're going down so I'm
gonna scan take a look with my thermal
monocular and see if there's anybody out
there what the hell's going on
I found dead dogs out here too fresh off
a dogfight
I found dump cars that were in a crime
in this area specifically is notorious
for gang crime and different things like
that so it's just a little spooky that
we see this here but we're gonna keep
going and hopefully everything will be
all right this is the start of the
buildings here here yet these are used
for
rocket shit I guess
it's all about checking out check this
first one
pythons like it in there it's a nice
warm climate gets them out the get some
outside
yeah
girl told you we fly one here so when
you capture these things you know it's
you got to be ready to battle
it'll they'll lay there they're not
scared of you they're not going to move
unless you know they have a real reason
to and they're on the top of the food
chain there's no other predator out
there for them
as soon as I put my hand on a minute it
is go time
they they they're gonna fight they come
right back try to strike at me but when
I dodge their strikes they'll start
curling up on my arm
when they do that they spray musk and
poop all over me it'll leave me sneaking
out here in the glades for few days
yeah and yeah it's it's a real battle
it's like WWF and the swamp you know
what I mean it's especially when you get
a big one you get a 13 14 18 foot snake
it's it's no joke if you're out here by
yourself and it gets around your neck at
that that could be it
this is what's eating our Everglades do
you know of our native wildlife
beautiful snake that was great we caught
that snake it uh kind of sucks it wasn't
that big but uh you know a Python out
the Everglades it's good no matter what
let's see what else we can go get
tonight
we're getting real close to to the place
we want to be at we got one more gate to
get through up here
I think this this guy that called me he
might be onto some of them here it's
kind of looking even more sneaky as we
get there
so we're coming up in the area now
they're doing a bunch of construction
out here on the levy out here never
glades
it's all you know Water Management and
given access to different areas
since they've been seen a lot of snakes
out here a real big one
yeah look they're piling up all this
limestone gravel out here they digged us
up to build canals little reservoirs and
things like that and they pile it up
here I guess don't even look like there
is a swamp here man changes everything I
think I might want to get down and walk
around a little bit here yeah let's do
that
it's a good one it's a good one man
get ready shit go south you got my back
yeah I don't know if this is the wine
but it's a good-looking
this ain't no small one
come on
got it yes sir holy what people so
what's all about right here
this thing right here to get this big I
don't even want to think about how many
ambulances here this right here is the
problem this right here is why
everything's get out of the Everglades
look at the size of this is that least a
16-foot snake
damn missing string believe it or not
this animal this snakes actually really
skinny it should be twice as big as this
big around it almost looks like yeah
it's a female
this snake just came off the nest what
they do is they'll a nest and they'll
sit on it until the eggs hatch and as
soon as the eggs hatch they leave the
nest and they go search for their first
meal I got her before she got her first
meal thank God whew
one more out the glades you big - so
what's all about boys right here things
easily over a hundred pounds easily
all right so uh I'm gonna need your help
bagging this new drives she's wrapping
up on me yeah yeah she's crushed my lake
so we had a real epic night tonight we
got it we got a couple good snakes we
got the big one we came for I'm really
glad I followed up on this and we came
out here but this is my home you know
this is how I make my living I make my
living off of wildlife and and I was
born and raised in it and it's you guys
wouldn't believe with driving four
nights in that truck staring at the
ground in the middle of the swamp will
do to you getting eaten up by mosquitoes
and it will drive you frickin crazy man
so you know it's it's something you got
to love it's something you got to have a
real personal mission for me that's
that's saving the Everglades I think we
should call it a night maybe after that
one there but the leg bleed could
dripping wet ain't no joke wrestling one
that big I'm telling you right now
who separates the men from the boys yeah
I'm ready for some sleep
and cold ice Yeti let's get out of here
EB
David Raziel was the Ark's Basile please
subscribe to The Wizard of odd TV